---
layout: post
section-type: post
category: project
date: 2015-03-20T00:00:00Z
tagline: Unmet Health Care Needs 
tags:
- survey logistic regression 
- disruptive behavior disorder 
- unmet health care needs
- random forests
title: Predicting Unmet Health Care Needs in Children with DBD 
---

Abstract:
Disruptive Behavior disorders in young children are prevalent and, when left untreated, can cause numerous complications later in life. Studies have shown that unmet health care needs among children constitutes a significant problem in the United States. The purpose of this study is to identify the best predictors of unmet health care needs in children 6-17 years of age with Disruptive Behavior Disorder. The predictors considered were based on the literature of the domain including child, demographic, family, and neighborhood factors. Participants were children from the National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) 2011-2012. A traditional survey logistic statistical approach and a machine learning approach using the random forest algorithm were used to identify the best predictors of unmet health care needs. Not having a medical home, not having constant health insurance, and having experienced an adverse family event were the best predictors of unmet health care needs. These findings suggest that the identification of these predictors is important for the policy makers and health care providers who work to deliver an effective health care system in this population of children with Disruptive Behavior Disorder.
